site/content/areas/health/full-of-colour.md, before:

---
title: Full Colour Diet
date: 2019-10-09T16:43:26+02:00
description: "Could be the healthiest diet"
levels: ["community"]
areas: ["food", "health"]
weight: 3
order: 3
---

<!--menu: ["food", "health"]-->

<!--![Fresh foods are most nutrient-dense and grow in nature with all the colours of the rainbow.](/img/david-milan-food-photo-x2.jpg "Rainbow Diet")
-->
{{<flickity src="/img/david-milan-food-photo-x1.jpg" title="Photo by David Milan" color="" selectCell="flkty.selectCell( value, isWrapped, isInstant )" >}}<!--title="" color="transparent" -->

<!--
• Colour wheel image source: 
https://www.gettyimages.co.uk/detail/photo/fruit-and-vegetable-colour-wheel-on-a-black-high-res-stock-photography/857856388
• Food wheel:https://www.creativelive.com/blog/edible-color-wheel-photos/

Consensus info:
- https://vitals.lifehacker.com/the-only-three-things-everybody-agrees-on-when-it-comes-1709039566#_ga=1.253474569.1055861349.1441835238
- https://vitals.lifehacker.com/there-s-finally-a-consensus-sort-of-on-what-we-should-1749509246

-->

## The Present&nbsp;Consensus

Progress it seems, is short of a consensus on exactly what we should&nbsp;eat. Sam&nbsp;Harris, talking with Dr. Nina&nbsp;Shapiro, summed&#8209;up this humiliation&nbsp;perfectly&hellip;

> One&nbsp;of the greatest embarrassments to modern science <!--that there's any diversity of opinion at all about what human beings should eat, so as to be healthy.How--> is that we don't have a rock-solid consensus of a healthy&nbsp;diet  <!--[in this day in age]--> – [Sam Harris (skip: 55:35)](https://samharris.org/podcasts/129-insiders-view-medicine/) 

## Why does what we eat&nbsp;mystify?

There is no _one_ perfect answer to diet for every single&nbsp;person. <!--on this entire&nbsp;planet. That's impossible.-->

That's becasue over hundreds of thousands of years of human evolution, we have flourished to require _very little food_ on a day-to-day basis. Yet when we do eat – our&nbsp;gut is organised to extract as much nutrients from that&nbsp;source.

Knowing this, we can simplify healthy&nbsp;eating.<!-- without&nbsp;sacrifice.-->


# Full Colour&nbsp;Diet

## Fresh, &amp; Nutrient-Dense

Fresh&nbsp;foods are most nutrient-dense and grow in&nbsp;nature. <!-- with all the colours of the&nbsp;rainbow. Choosing vegatables high in vitamins and minerals is important.-->

Eating all the colours of the&nbsp;rainbow, is a great starting&nbsp;point. Any diet should hydrate, be high in nutrients and low in processed&nbsp;foods – which come in man-made packaging, making them easy to&nbsp;spot! 

## Eat in harmony

Locally sourced, seasonally available food is also&nbsp;optimal.


<!--

# Locally sourced

Ideally, food should be locally sourced.

### High in Nutrients
Eat nutrients: proteins, carbohydrates, fats, vitamins, minerals, and water.


Colour wheel image source: 
https://www.gettyimages.co.uk/detail/photo/fruit-and-vegetable-colour-wheel-on-a-black-high-res-stock-photography/857856388

colour diet: https://www.wikihow.com/Increase-Acetylcholine



 

Be Low in Processed Foods
eat real food. Food is anything that comes naturally from the earth. It is not altered, modified, or processed.
from: https://www.forbes.com/sites/quora/2018/02/27/scientifically-what-would-be-considered-the-perfect-diet/#16a51c00640e

# Whal's Protocol

A scientific&nbsp;endorsement for x.
We need a scientific&nbsp;endorsement?
-->

<!--

# Permaculture

**PeR** practices growing food simply. We use permaculture methods which are free, healthy and require a little&nbsp;effort.
-->

Commit message:

Added `support` and `Taxonomies.areas`
/_default/list.html: `<p>Author: <b>{{ .Params.authors }}</b></p>`
and
`{{ $areas := "areas" }}`

site/content/areas/health/full-of-colour.md, after:

---
authors: Scott Phillips
title: Full Colour Diet
date: 2019-10-09T16:43:26+02:00
description: "&hellip;is the healthiest&nbsp;diet"
levels: ["community"]
areas: ["food", "health"]
weight: 3
order: 3
---

<!--menu: ["food", "health"]-->

<!--![Fresh foods are most nutrient-dense and grow in nature with all the colours of the rainbow.](/img/david-milan-food-photo-x2.jpg "Rainbow Diet")
-->
{{<flickity src="/img/david-milan-food-photo-x1.jpg" title="Photo by David Milan" color="" selectCell="flkty.selectCell( value, isWrapped, isInstant )" >}}<!--title="" color="transparent" -->

<!--
• Colour wheel image source: 
https://www.gettyimages.co.uk/detail/photo/fruit-and-vegetable-colour-wheel-on-a-black-high-res-stock-photography/857856388
• Food wheel:https://www.creativelive.com/blog/edible-color-wheel-photos/

Consensus info:
- https://vitals.lifehacker.com/the-only-three-things-everybody-agrees-on-when-it-comes-1709039566#_ga=1.253474569.1055861349.1441835238
- https://vitals.lifehacker.com/there-s-finally-a-consensus-sort-of-on-what-we-should-1749509246

-->

## The Present&nbsp;Consensus

Progress it seems, is short of a consensus on exactly what we should&nbsp;eat. Sam&nbsp;Harris, talking with Dr. Nina&nbsp;Shapiro, summed&#8209;up this humiliation&nbsp;perfectly&hellip;

> One&nbsp;of the greatest embarrassments to modern science <!--that there's any diversity of opinion at all about what human beings should eat, so as to be healthy.How--> is that we don't have a rock-solid consensus of a healthy&nbsp;diet  <!--[in this day in age]--> – [Sam Harris (skip: 55:35)](https://samharris.org/podcasts/129-insiders-view-medicine/) 

## Why does what we eat&nbsp;mystify?

There is no _one_ perfect answer to diet for every single&nbsp;person. <!--on this entire&nbsp;planet. That's impossible.-->

That's becasue over hundreds of thousands of years of human evolution, we have flourished to require _very little food_ on a day-to-day basis. Yet when we do eat – our&nbsp;gut is organised to extract as much nutrients from that&nbsp;source.

Knowing this, we can simplify healthy&nbsp;eating.<!-- without&nbsp;sacrifice.-->


# Full Colour&nbsp;Diet

## Fresh, &amp; Nutrient-Dense

Fresh&nbsp;foods are most nutrient-dense and grow in&nbsp;nature. <!-- with all the colours of the&nbsp;rainbow. Choosing vegatables high in vitamins and minerals is important.-->

Eating all the colours of the&nbsp;rainbow, is a great starting&nbsp;point. Any diet should hydrate, be high in nutrients and low in processed&nbsp;foods – which come in man-made packaging, making them easy to&nbsp;spot! 

## Eat in harmony

Locally sourced, seasonally available food is also&nbsp;optimal.


<!--

# Locally sourced

Ideally, food should be locally sourced.

### High in Nutrients
Eat nutrients: proteins, carbohydrates, fats, vitamins, minerals, and water.


Colour wheel image source: 
https://www.gettyimages.co.uk/detail/photo/fruit-and-vegetable-colour-wheel-on-a-black-high-res-stock-photography/857856388

colour diet: https://www.wikihow.com/Increase-Acetylcholine



 

Be Low in Processed Foods
eat real food. Food is anything that comes naturally from the earth. It is not altered, modified, or processed.
from: https://www.forbes.com/sites/quora/2018/02/27/scientifically-what-would-be-considered-the-perfect-diet/#16a51c00640e

# Whal's Protocol

A scientific&nbsp;endorsement for x.
We need a scientific&nbsp;endorsement?
-->

<!--

# Permaculture

**PeR** practices growing food simply. We use permaculture methods which are free, healthy and require a little&nbsp;effort.
-->
